Let Me Show You My Pokemans. Let Me Show You Them.
Published on May 02, 2007.
I guess this random image has been around for a while, but I just saw it recently.
I guess its resurgence in popularity has to do with the recent release of the new Pokemon Pearl and Pokemon Diamond games for the Nintendo DS.
I am a big fan of the cat macro images, and this one is just pure awesome.
I guess the combination of cats in strange poses and bad grammar (“let me show you them!?”) is a comedy goldmine.
Oh, that reminds me, I really should buy those new Pokemon games.
I know I’ll get them eventually, so it might as well be sooner than later.
It’s not like they’d drop in price or anything…
Also, the ytmnd page of this poster has some awesome live arrangement of the Pokemon battle song.
It’s sooo bad!
I’m getting way too pumped listening to this.